Free-Functionality License

Copyright (c) [Year] [Licensor's Name]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any individual or organization ("Licensee")
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation (the "Software"), to use, modify,
merge, distribute, sublicense, and incorporate into proprietary and commercial software, subject
to the following conditions:

- Free Functionality Requirement: Any functionality, capability, service, or feature directly or
indirectly enabled, facilitated, or substantially dependent upon the Software must remain
accessible to end-users at no monetary cost. Licensees may not charge end-users specifically or
indirectly (e.g., via paywalls, subscriptions, licenses, or usage fees, or through the use of
user-level systems, points-based growth systems, or any other mechanism intended to limit or
restrict user access) for any functionality or capability that would not exist or properly function
without this Software.

- Source Availability Requirement: The Software, including all modifications, must have its source
code available to users. Users must have access to the source code of the Software and any
modifications thereof, and these must remain freely available under the same terms and conditions
set forth herein.

- Attribution Requirement: The Licensee must clearly attribute the original author(s) of the
Software in any derivative work, documentation, or distribution that incorporates or relies upon
the Software, including proprietary software distributions.

- No Restrictions on Other Components: This License places no restrictions on other separate
functionalities or components within the Licensee's software or distribution that are neither
directly nor indirectly dependent on this Software. Such separate components may be proprietary,
monetized, or otherwise subject to payment.

- Redistribution Requirement: Redistribution of the Software, in source or binary form, must retain
the above copyright notice and this list of conditions. Redistributions in binary form must
reproduce these notices and conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.

- No Warranty: THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS," WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
DAMAGES, OR OTHER LIABILITY ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

By using or distributing this Software, you accept and agree to comply with the terms and
conditions stated herein.